Capital baazi

Problem
Cheems doesn't like extra content so coming straight to the point. Given the input of one line, having words separated by a single space, print each word of the input, each in a new line.
Also, change all the alphabets to uppercase along with doing this.

Input:-
Given in one line, all letters are lowercase only, separated by a single space.

Characters used in input are from 'a' to 'z' only ( 26 in total ) , both included.

Length of input  
 

Output:-
Output each word with characters in uppercase.

Note:- A testcase contains only one word as the input to get partial marks. Also, the ideal solution has been provided, you can test any of your legal input to get its answer.


Problem
Jiya likes a sequence if all its elements when multiplied yields a number , whose least significant digit is either 2, 3 or 5.

Given the number of  test case t.The first line of each test case is a number n.Next line contains n integers - A1,A2,......An.For each given test case tell whether the given sequence will be liked by Jiya.

INPUT FORMAT-

First line constains t number of test cases.

Every test case has first line as the number of intergers the sequence contains, followed by sequence in the next line.

OUTPUT FORMAT -

Print "YES" or "NO",whether Jiya likes the sequence or not.

CONSTRAINTS-

1≤t≤100

1≤n≤15

1≤Ai≤10, for all i


City Tour

Problem
A vertex is considered as a point with both its coordinates as integers.

You are initially at the origin of a 2D surface. You can move by the following rules:

One move is counted as a vertex to an adjacent vertex. You cannot jump, and can only move to an adjacent vertex. For example, if you are at point A(x,y) , then you may move to any of the points  B, C, D, E (defined below),

59:00
                   A(x,y)  to  B(x,y-1) or C(x,y+1) or D(x+1,y) or E(x-1,y)

 

Distance from origin should increase with each move.
                   Distance from origin for a vertices (a,b) is:

             
                  where abs() is absolute value.

 
**Both the rules should be satisfied for each move.**
 

For a given number of steps (N), calculate the count of possible final position vertices you may end in if you initially started from the origin.

Constraints :
1≤t≤50

1≤N≤1012

 

Input Format:
First Line: Number of test cases (t)

Next "t" Line: Integer N representing the number of steps

56:48
